Samba Audit DB implementation (#92)
NethServer/ns8-samba: README.md

the `ipaddress` attribute in the Provision section), it will be
**inaccessible** to clients from other networks.

## Samba Audit

> User activity on shared folders is recorded in a TimescaleDB instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User activity on shared folders can be recorded in a TimescaleDB instance.
```
